feat: add organization authentication notes for Connected Accounts flow (#1041)
auth0/docs-v2: main/docs/secure/call-apis-on-users-behalf/token-vault/configure-token-vault.mdx

Connected Accounts for Token Vault manages a unified Auth0 user profile linked to multiple external accounts. Your application then fetches the stored credentials in Token Vault to interact with external APIs on the user’s behalf.

> <Note>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<Callout icon="file-lines" color="#0EA5E9" iconType="regular">
```

> If your application uses [Organizations](/docs/manage-users/organizations), configure the connection the same way, then have the user sign in to the correct organization before you initiate the Connected Accounts flow. The connected account and stored tokens remain tied to the user’s Auth0 profile.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your application uses [Organizations](/docs/manage-users/organizations), configure the connection, then authenticate the with the target organization before initiating the Connected Accounts flow. The connected account and stored tokens remain tied to the user’s Auth0 profile.
```

Author: I change the wording to `authenticate the user with the target organization` since I think there is a missing `user` in the suggestion

> </Note>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
</Callout>
```
